yeah it's hard to argue with that you
know what I mean he's never going to
miss him bottle that way right and he
did as bad as he can do a course in to t
he is a little bit fortunate that the
two scoreless don't get right here close
that side rail it's gonna be a pretty
tough on shut up but I can just I could
actually get it pretty hard just move
little bird get a couple couple bulbs
here nothing like getting lucky huh
that's right i mean eight figures they
broke a lot of balls our skin was good
yeah i know we can put any of those
balls inform anyone interested
see he didn't hit that hard cuz there's
no point you know lose where he is it
harder not nothing else is coming out
except cue ball just go get further down
the time and that's just tickling just
tickle move here I don't know if he can
just roll this 15 and I don't think he
can miss attend but that'd be sweet if
you could miss it can go over and just
get them involved real soft goes to
can you go two rounds and come up
so 13 yes a 13-2 things he's got the 18
over there he's going to deal with and
then he's gotta make a point to me yeah
those are the key issues playing that 14
up yeah that's what I started I could
feel so a little bit yes so that would
say this is pretty sweet here cuz
thinkin you can play that for max come
across for the one that set up
there is late
so it's really just that easy huh just
but how it is that's really just easy it
was 40 to 50 cent there is no 56 why
don't you continue this is longer than
male there she boy won't you shoot this
one let me shoot the brake shop when you
start I wish you could break shout then
you go from there no I'm just kidding
you you can look at old me you could
this is st. break shutters had anything
close to it I think what a lot closer to
the stock here you got a little better
angle here tell you yeah not quite as
much up I'm trying to hit that sounded
pretty full here just a hair on top you
know a lot of times if you hit that ball
I had that ball comes out if they don't
if this ball don't freeze on top of this
one you pretty much gonna have a shot on
one of these two balls if you don't go
right even if you hang it up you're
gonna have some kind of a shot a long
time of course
Wow
thank you much
ok
central smartberry stay on cops that he
to serve steak businesses
there
and there it goes
Oh
keep me busy back in here huh well that
was good i spit thinking to a lot of
people dying there dude they end up
stopping on that a lot of people
end up right here said well knowledge
what he did there because then they
messed things up say he's never going to
miss a second no not one time once I
pleased at all once they are in six
years it would be when I'm all this
close to write you want to show yeah you
don't want we may cut like knives 26 is
real close to the rec you all because I
will say that's a lot of knowledge if
you are the clear 16 10 what nots
assembly to the record with a white ball
there that was how many is that knit 756
about the same brush out here yep
sunshine get lost it all nice been good
just professional block right here I
mean